vacations offer the opportunity
perfect to share with family
parents mothers children and grandparents all
together having fun with lots of people
Disney cruise line has created a
unique experience that offers something for
all the members of your family in each
one of your cruise ships hello I'm a pillar and I'm
part of the disney family but more
important I am a mother and how do you look
unique experiences and vacations for
my whole family disney cruise line gives me
That and so much more
Come with me to discover all the fun
what awaits you on board a cruise
disney
Without a doubt the cristeros de disney
they have experiences for everyone
from a wide range of activities in
family up individual fun for
children and for adults let's start with the
family on cruises there are many
activities that we love doing together
two of our favorites are the
Broadway-style shows
starred by the characters of
Disney and the fun pirate party
that culminates with an impressive
fireworks display
will never tire of swimming in the
pools but when it's my turn to choose me
I always choose a visit to the cinema where
we can enjoy the same movies
that are showing up on dry land
even in 3-d my daughters love it
spend time in youth clubs and
I feel calm and happy because I know
that all activities are
supervised by disney hosts
Each ship has four clubs
juveniles and specific areas for
Enjoy kids of all ages
from babies to teenagers
the areas for children are very spacious
and secure children have the option
choose which magical world to visit and
embark on adventures with their
favorite characters the teenagers
they also have their own space with
modern high-tech areas
full of entertaining activities
for his age and the opportunity to do
friends as a mother I feel very good at
know that my children are having fun
in a safe environment even when you are not
with them
and talking about not being with them
while my children have fun with their
wide I like to relax in the spa
and the gym while my husband
prefers to rest in the cafe or in the
exclusive pool for adults together
we love going to the tastings of
wine and martinis and at least once
we make plans to dine in the
restaurant exclusively for adults
where we delight with a dinner
gourmet 5 stars there are many ways
to have fun on a Disney cruise
from family activities to
opportunities to relax and rest
there is no doubt that a cruise with disney
cruise line will become your favorite